Slide! Crouch while sprinting to get a slide boost.
Because you can... As a Pilot, hold melee behind another Pilot for a custom execution (and bragging rights).
Titan creeping. Use the Low Profile kit to reduce your jump jet flares and delay a Titan's awareness on rodeoing.
Careful! Your jump jets are still visible when they fire, even while you are cloaked.
Finish them! When piloting your Titan, melee a doomed Titan to perform an execution.
It's all about who you know... Join or start a Network to play with people with similar interests.
Play your way. The Pilot weapon loadout system allows you to optimize for Pilot combat, Titan combat, or a range in between
Unplug the enemy, Pilot! Jump onto an enemy Titan to steal a battery and damage the enemy.
That's teamwork. Steal a Titan battery and give it to your teammate Titan to boost its health!
Change it up! There are several factions vying for you. Don't be afraid to jump between them.
Use your Boost! You earn a 'Boost' along the way to your earning your Titan. Be sure to use it!
Get the drop on your opponents! Use crouch to quickly disengage a wallrun.
Pilots vs. Titans. Grenadier and Anti-Titan weapons always damage Titans. Other Pilot weapons require hitting their weak spots.
Don't let 'em hold you down! Use Phase Shift or Grapple to quickly escape a Gravity Star.
Timing is everything. A well-timed stim can counteract the effects of an arc grenade.
Beware stealthy Pilots! Use a pulse blade or Map Hack to briefly reveal cloaked Pilots.
That's not a knife... Hit an enemy with a Pulse Blade for an instant kill!
Curve your shots! Gravity Stars attract nearby projectiles.
Aim for the eyes! A well-placed Firestar will interfere with a Titan's vision and do major damage.
Keep movin'! You can maintain your momentum by sliding then quickly jumping. Rinse and Repeat!
Distract the enemy. Use a holopilot to distract enemy Auto-Titans.
Eject! You can eject from your Titan at any time. Begin the eject sequence by pressing %+scriptcommand1%.
Touch and go. Short wallruns connected by long leaps give you the most speed.
Be quick! The Turbo Engine Titan kit gives your Titan an extra dash.
Status check! Dead enemies appear grayed out on the in-game scoreboard.
Keep leveling up! After finishing your first Generation of unlocks on a Titan it will automatically regenerate as G2.0.
Net worth. Your lifetime cash earnings are listed in the lobby under your name as Net Worth.
To the death! Buy your way into the Coliseum playlist to battle it out 1v1 for a chance to win random prizes.
Customize your HUD! Under the HUD Options in video settings you can turn some parts of the HUD OFF or ON.
Earn your way! Each merit you earn is equal to 1XP as well as 1 credit.
Change your allegiance! Every 5 wins with a Faction levels them up. Each Faction has its own unique rewards.
Natural talent. The R-201 has excellent accuracy.
Well-rounded. The R-201 is a great starter weapon and equally dangerous in a professional's hands.
Side-to-side. The Flatline tends to kick horizontally.
Knock out. Flatline rounds pack a punch.
Alignment. Keeping the Flatline at eye level while shooting will hit many targets in the head.
That's a wrap. Aim for center mass with the Hemlok - the weapon recoils toward the target’s head.
Triple threat! The Hemlok is a 3 round burst Assault Rifle.
Patience is a virtue. The G2 is semi-automatic, only firing one round per trigger pull.
G-force. The G2 can be used reliably at close range without ADS'ing.
Retaliation. The G2 makes an effective counter sniper weapon.
Pulling G's. The G2 is the most accurate assault rifle when aimed.
Bullet hose. The R-97 has one of the fastest firing rates of any Pilot weapon.
On the go. The R-97 is best used while moving as fast as possible.
Quantity over quality. What the R-97 lacks in accuracy, it makes up for in volume.
Drill down. Get close to maximize the R-97's spread.
Runner up. The CAR is one of the best weapons to use while wallrunning.
Shooting from the hip. The CAR is the ideal weapon for accurate hip firing.
Two is better than one. The Alternator's twin barrels give it heavy recoil with a high amount of damage.
Up close and personal! The Alternator is best suited for close combat.
Mild mannered. The Volt is recognized by its blue tracers and light kick.
Long distance. With the slower rate of fire, the Volt's recoil is much more manageable at range.
Crowd control. The Spitfire can suppress large groups of enemies with one magazine.
Steady aim. The Spitfire's recoil is predictable and can be handled with a little bit of practice.
Listen for it. The pitch of the Spitfire will change when it is nearly out of ammo.
Peripheral vision. The Spitfire has a built in indicator that helps catch a Pilot's eye when low on ammo.
Beat the drum. The Spitfire reloads faster when it still has a few rounds left inside.
Keep pace. Spitfire accuracy is greatly increased when fired in controlled bursts.
Caught offguard. Even in close quarters, the Spitfire makes a formidable offhand weapon.
Star power. Pick up a second LSTAR to carry two, and never reload.
Recharge. The LSTAR's ammo automatically replenishes.
The thin red line. Keep the LSTAR from ever overheating and avoid its lengthy reload.
Get ahead of yourself. Lead targets while using the LSTAR to maximize hits on target.
Apply generously. Quickly strafe left and right while firing the LSTAR to cover an area in projectiles.
Burst fire. Fire the LSTAR in volleys to manage the internal cooldown device.
Get trigger happy. The LSTAR was never designed to be a single shot weapon.
Downforce. The LSTAR's cooling mechanism jolts the gun downwards after it's fired aiming down the sight.
Fire support. The regenerating nature of the LSTAR's ammo makes it a great suppression weapon.
Wait for the beep. The LSTAR will begin beeping when it's close to overheating.
Think ahead. Prefiring the Devotion helps to maximize its effectiveness.
Hold the line. The longer the Devotion fires, the less recoil a Pilot experiences.
Ramp it up! The Devotion will fire faster the longer the trigger has been pulled.
Predictable. The Devotion will stablize itself after ~35 rounds have been fired.
Overshoot. The Kraber projectile falls the longer it flies.
One shot, one kill. The Kraber will kill any human sized target in one shot.
Bring enough gun. Aim for Titan Crit spots with the Kraber.
Lucky shot. An unaimed Kraber bullet can still be lethal.
Hang time. A mid air shot from the Kraber is still accurate when aimed.
Instant gratification. DMR shots travel instantaneously.
Double tap. The DMR can kill a healthy Pilot with two shots.
Eagle eye. The DMR will always be accurate when the Pilot is aiming through the scope.
Headshot. A headshot from the DMR will always kill a Pilot.
Gravity defying. DMR rounds never drop over distance.
Know your enemy. The DMR is fast and effective vs. Pilots, not so much with Titans.
Remember the LMO. A Double Take with its stock Low Magnification Optic can often outplay opponents.
Double time. The Double Take aimed at crowds can take down multiple targets with one shot.
Glancing angle. Equipping the ricochet attachment to the Double Take allows Pilots to shoot around corners.
Headliner. Shooting the Double Take at eye level can score multiple headshots in one shot.
It's all in the timing. Double Take shots will travel before they reach their target.
Straight shooter. Double Take shots do not drop over distance.
Walk the line. The Double Take's bullet trails will often give away a sniper's location.
Quick draw. The Wingman can be shot from the hip with incredible accuracy.
Handcannon. The Wingman packs a heavy punch to both Pilots and Titans.
Weapon ready! The Wingman comes with Fast Swap automatically built-in.
Hunt in peace. Use the silencer mod to silently hunt with the Wingman.
Bank shots! The Wingman Elite has the ricochet mod rather than the silencer mod.
Triple tap! The Mozambique fires 3 shots at once.
Multi-headshots! A well aimed Mozambique shot can land 2 or 3 headshots on one Pilot in one shot.
Head and shoulders. The Mozambique aimed at center mass will likely hit an enemy's head.
Back-up plan. The RE-45 Auto gives Pilots a full-auto pistol for those worst case scenarios.
Full-auto on demand. No need for the Fast Swap mod; the RE-45 Auto comes with Fast Swap built-in.
Automatic stealth. The RE-45 with the silencer mod allows Pilots to eliminate enemies without revealing position.
Pacing. The P2016 is semi-automatic and has a high degree of accuracy.
Shhh... The P2016 with a silencer allows Pilots to hunt the Remnant Fleet without being detected.
Dry run. Skilled Pilots empty the entire magazine of the P2016 every chance they get.
Tight squeeze. Hold the trigger down to continually fire the EVA-8 until it's out of ammo.
Put 'em down! A point blank shot from the EVA-8 will kill an enemy Pilot.
Know your role. EVA-8 shotgun pellets travel a short distance.
Range time. Repeated hits at distance with the EVA-8 can still be lethal.
Tight groups. The EVA-8 works well against clusters of targets.
Run-time. The EVA-8's automatic fire and pellet spread make it an ideal weapon for wallrunning in close quarters.
Center mass. Aim for the center of a target when using the EVA-8 for maximum damage.
Spread 'em. Mastiff pellets spread apart the farther they travel.
Flatter is better. All of the Mastiff pellets travel on a horizontal line.
Tighten up. Firing the Mastiff while in ADS will tighten the cone of pellets.
Hot-headed. Firing the Mastiff at eye height against humanoid targets will headshot all targets at once.
Feed the beast! A skilled Pilot will always reload the Mastiff when not in combat.
Lead-free. Thanks to the horizonal pellet spread of the Mastiff, Pilots rarely have to lead their shots.
One-eight-seven. Mastiff pellets will burn out around 187.5ft.
Last round. It takes longer to reload a Mastiff that is empty.
Thread the needle. Unless obstructed, individual Mastiff pellets will continue travelling towards a target.
Reach out. Aiming down the sight with the Mastiff allows its pellets to travel further.
Close the gap. The Sidewinder is best used against Pilots in close quarters battle.
Thorn in their side. Fire volleys of Sidewinder missiles towards Titans at distance to deal sigificant damage from safety.
Spray and pray. Shooting while sweeping the Sidewinder will cover a large area in many rocket explosions.
User friendly. Sidewinder rockets will deal little damage to the user in close quarters battle.
Armor piercing. The Sidewinder will chew through a Titan's heavy armor.
Micro-missiles. The Sidewinder's missiles are compact and require hits to be on target for maximum damage.
Self awareness. The Sidewinder's rockets will leave smoke trails leading to the shooter.
Lead not follow. The Sidewinder's rockets require considerable lead on a moving target.
Top it off. Always reload the Softball during any lulls in combat.
Bullet drop. Use the bullet drop compensator reticle on the Softball to accurately place rounds at distance.
Splash damage. Shoot Softballs past your target and use the background to your advantage.
Take the lead. Lead your targets when shooting the Softball.
Stick 'em. Direct hits with the Softball have a chance kill targets on impact.
Tag, you're it. The Softball will stick to enemy targets on direct hit.
On the trail. Other Pilots can see the smoke trails left behind by Softball rounds.
Sticky bomb. The Softball is a potent Anti-Titan weapon.
Line 'em up. Aiming with the Softball will show the trajectory of the round.
Friendly fire. Softball rounds do not stick to teammates.
Fire and forget. Pilots can fire the EPG at a stationary target with guaranteed accuracy.
Blue thunder. The EPG has a small magazine size - shot placement is key.
Noise discipline. The distinctive sound of the EPG will quickly alert nearby Pilots.
Strength through superior firepower. The EPG damages Titans as much as most Titan weapon platforms.
Up and over. Using the Hover Pilot kit gives the EPG a significant advantage in combat.
Keep your distance. Due to a large explosion radius, the EPG manual recommends outdoor use only.
Timed travel. EPG projectiles move at a slow speed towards their target.
Bullseye. A direct hit from an EPG will gib most targets.
Ascend. The Cold War was designed to be used from elevation.
Gather 'round. The Cold War works best against groups of enemies.
Armor engagement. The Cold War can destroy a Titan with a skilled Pilot behind the trigger.
Fire support. The Cold War can provide target suppression from a safe distance.
Danger close. Avoid using the Cold War indoors - many Pilots have blown themselves to pieces.
Hit-and-run, Pilot! The area of effect is large enough with the Cold War to be used as a wallrun weapon.
Eyes on target. Vinson Dynamics equipped the Cold War with a quick-read display for a Pilot's peripheral vision.
Pitch-perfect. The pitch of the Cold War will peak when its ready to fire.
High-speed technology. The Cold War uses caseless ammunition, which requires the rifle to cool before subsequent shots.
Point-and-click. The Cold War was designed to be fired from the hip.
Lightspeed! The Charge Rifle beam travels instantly, to any distance.
Lens flare. Pilots using the Charge Rifle are easily spotted - the front end of the rifle glows bright orange.
Feather the trigger. Keep the Charge Rifle close to firing by keeping it charged at all times.
Dust-to-dust. The Charge Rifle beam will vaporize human-sized targets.
Pinpoint precision. The Charge Rifle has incredible accuracy when aimed.
Residual radiation. After the Charge Rifle is fired, the shooter's location is given away.
Gone fishing. Blindfire the Mag Launcher near metallic enemies to score hits.
Scratch their back. The MGL quickly kills enemies rodeoing enemy Titans.
Don't judge. MAG Launcher rounds will attract themselves to any kind of metallic enemy.
Demolition man. Flood areas with MGL rounds to clear tight spaces.
Timed delay. MGL rounds are on a timed fuse.
Blunt force. Direct hits with Mag Launcher projectiles will hurt enemies.
Over the hill. MGL rounds travel in an arcing pattern.
Feel 'em out. Fire the Thunderbolt into unknown territory to see if it is clear.
Chain lightning! The Thunderbolt will damage many targets at once.
Direct damage. A direct hit from the Thunderbolts energy ball will heavily damage a target.
Slow and steady. The Thunderbolt's projectile travels slowly.
Lock and load. The Archer can only be fired when locked onto a target.
Self help. Once fired, an Archer rocket will guide itself to its target, even if it moves.
Clear intentions. An enemy Titan is warned when an Archer has locked onto them.
Fake out. Keep an Archer rocket locked on target for an extended amount of time to bypass Titan defense systems.
Connection interrupted. An Archer will resume its lock on even if line of sight is temporarily broken.
Look out below! Looking down when using grapple will allow a Pilot to swing further forward.
Whip it! Swing further by looking below your grapple point.
Get over here! Attaching the grapple to a human sized character will pull them in for a melee kill.
Early out. Disconnecting the grapple early will help it recharge quicker.
Measure twice, grapple once. Learning grapple's range is the first step to mastering it.
Tag! Pilots can embark into their Titan by grappling it.
Gotcha! Pilots can grapple moving objects.
Nowhere to hide. Pulse Blade makes a cloaked Pilot flicker.
Nailed it! Sticking an enemy Pilot with the Pulse Blade will kill them.
X-Ray vision. The Pulse Blade can spot enemies behind walls.
Hide it well. The Pulse Blade can be destroyed after it has been deployed.
Juiced! Stim will quickly recharge a Pilot's health when used.
Nitro! A stimmed Pilot can run almost twice as fast.
In your face! Use stim to quickly close the distance to an enemy and melee them.
Defy gravity! Phase Shift can escape a gravity star.
Look before you leap. Pilots that un-phase into Titans are destroyed.
Telefrag! Leaving Phase Shift while inside an enemy of human size will kill them.
Take a breather. Pilots often Phase Shift out of combat to reload.
Surprise! Experienced Pilots sometimes phase shift when standing on top of important objectives.
Die another day. Pilots near death can save themselves by phase shifting to safety.
Astral travel. Pilots can see other phase shifted characters in the phase space.
Follow the trail. Pilots who phase leave a small trail behind which reveals where they went.
Fortify! Amped Walls in doorways can be both a strong offense and a solid defense.
Form fitting. The Amped Wall will conform to the orientation of the surface its placed upon.
Buff it up. Any projectile or bullet that passes through the Amped Wall will become more powerful.
Can't touch this. Anything behind the Amped Wall will be protected from enemy fire.
Quality craftmanship. The Amped Wall will even stop Titan weapons from hurting the user.
Ghostly powers. Keep enemies away from the Amped Wall, as they can still walk through it.
Be self-aware. A cloaked Pilot's jump jets can still be seen.
Listen up! A Pilot's cloak will give off a slight humming sound.
And like that... Cloak will make a Pilot completely invisible to a Titan.
Cloak %offhand1% is useful for escaping dangerous situations.
Use Cloak %offhand1% to disappear when you are in trouble.
Firing a weapon ends Cloak immediately, revealing your position to hostiles.
Copy cat. The Holo Pilot will mimic a Pilot's last move on activation.
Seeing double. The Holo Pilot is identical in appearance to a real Pilot.
Scout ahead. Use a Holo Pilot to make sure the area up ahead is clear before entering.
Mind games. Place Holo Pilots in frequently occupied areas to trick enemies into revealing themselves.
You're surrounded! Activate multiple Holo Pilots when assaulting enemy territory to appear as a larger force.
Artificial intelligence. Auto-Titan AI will think the Holo Pilot is the real thing.
Don't stop! The smart pistol boost comes with the Gunrunner mod built in.
Limited ammo. The smart pistol comes equipped with 2 full magazines of ammo.
Enhanced targetting. Let the weapon do the aiming...
Feeling smart? Sometimes the smartest things are the easiest to use.
Miss me? The smart pistol locks onto multiple targets at once.
Grenade out! The smart pistol can shoot down incoming grenades.
Map Hack reveals all enemy positions for a short time.
Use ordnance to disrupt groups of enemies.
Plan ahead! Cook frag grenades before throwing them to shorten the chance of missing your target.
Drop in! Throw a frag grenade through a doorway while sliding by to surprise enemies inside.
Put your back into it. Frag grenades inherit the Pilot's momentum.
Bowling for frags! Roll a frag grenade through tight spaces to clear rooms.
Kit up! Equip Ordnance Expert to see a frag grenade's trajectory before it's thrown.
Never enough. Pilots may find themselves throwing two frag grenades at a target for maximum coverage.
P.S. A frag grenade will be dropped on death if it was already being cooked.
Stunning! Arc Grenades slow Pilot movement and ability to aim.
Use Arc Grenades to stun robotic enemies.
Contact high. Arc grenades explode on contact with an enemy.
Group activity. Arc grenades can stun large groups of enemies.
Lightning round. Arc grenades can kill injured enemies.
Ready-made. Arc Grenades cannot be cooked.
Suck it down! A gravity star will inhale any projectile nearby.
Fly trap. A gravity star will ensnare human-sized enemies temporarily.
Secret ingredients. Shooting projectiles into a gravity star will make it that much more deadly.
Bunny hop. The gravity star will pop off of the ground just before detonation.
Light eater. Bigger enemies are too heavy to be pulled into the gravity star.
Hot box! Deploying electric smoke grenades into a room with enemies will quickly clear it.
Concealment over cover. Electric smoke grenades hide team movement.
Smoke out. Electric smoke grenades work great against Titans.
Fire fighter! Electric smoke grenades put out thermite fires.
David and Goliath. Throw a Firestar at a Titan's cockpit to blind the Pilot inside.
Stick it to the man! Directly hit a target with the Firestar to stick it to them.
Vicious firestarter. Attach a Firestar to a door or window to discourage enemies from using it.
The floor is lava. Stick a Firestar on the floor to hurt enemies who step through it.
Stick up! Satchels can be stuck to characters before detonation.
It's a trap! Pilots can effectively booby trap areas with satchels.
Remote control. Double tap %reload% to detonate placed satchels at any time.
Power up! Use the Power Cell kit with the Tactikill mod to maximize your Tactical availability.
Cover to cover. The Fast Regen kit keeps Pilots who use cover alive much longer.
Hole-in-one. Ordnance Expert kit helps Pilots put ordnance exactly where they want.
Catch! Use the Ordnance Expert kit to accurately hit enemies directly with ordnance.
Our little secret. The Ordnance Expert kit's prediction arc can only be seen by the Pilot using it.
Tell me more. The Ordnance Expert kit shows an ordnance's trajectory as well as the first bounce it will take.
Basic training. Each Pilot ordnance has its own trajectory, use the Ordnance Expert kit to learn them.
Every second counts. The Phase Embark kit is the fastest way for a Pilot to Embark their Titan.
Photo finish. Phase Embarking into a Titan takes less than a second.
Speed kills. A Pilot using the Phase Embark kit and Warpfall Titanfall kit can board their Titan quicker than anyone else.
Play the field. Use the Kill Report kit to help find direction in Free-for-All to see all player death locations.
Situational awareness. Use Kill Report to help show where hot spots of fighting are.
Large or small. The Kill Report kit shows both Pilot and Titan deaths on the field.
Hang em high. The Wallhang kit allows Pilots to hang on any surface that can also be used for a wallrun.
Stalk your prey. Use the Wallhang kit to hide in unexpected locations.
Hang ten. The Hover kit allows Pilots to float in midair.
In-and-out. The Hover kit will slow a Pilot to a stop, then accelerate them on their previous trajectory.
Afterburner. A hovering Pilot's jumpkit engages massive thrust to keep them in the air.
Trick shot. Use the Hover kit to stablize sniper rifles in midair.
White whale. Using the Hover kit is an excellent tactic for hunting Titans.
Out of sight, out of mind. The Low Profile kit hides a Pilot's jump jets.
Each Titan has a primary weapon, three secondary abilities, and a Core. Additionally, Titans have anti-pilot Electric Smoke they can deploy. Electric Smoke can also extinguish thermite.
Got your back. A Titan using Assault Chip is much more combat proficient than one without.
Battle ready. A Titan with Assault Chip will use offensive abilities to attack targets.
Can't see me. Stealth Auto-Eject allows Pilots get out of dangerous situations undetected.
Hands free. The Stealth Auto-Eject Titan kit will override manual Titan ejection.
I will survive. Stealth Auto-Eject guarantees a Pilot will survive even if their Titan doesn't.
Immunity. A Titan with the Stealth Auto-Eject Titan kit cannot be executed by another Titan.
Speed up. Use the Turbo Engine Titan kit to give slower Titans a dash.
Maximum speed. Add the Turbo Engine Titan kit to a fast Titan to give them even more speed.
Dodge this. The Turbo Engine Titan kit is useful for dodging other Titan attacks.
Hardcore headstart. Equip the Overcore Titan kit to get a head start on earning a Titan's core ability.
Critical mass. The Nuclear Ejection Titan kit can only be activated when a Titan is doomed.
Blast radius. Nuclear Ejection will only kill targets in close proximity.
Tenacious defense. The Counter Ready Titan kit gives Titans two Electric Smoke uses.
Smokescreen. Use the Counter Ready Titan kit to block enemy sightlines.
No tresspassing. A Titan's Dome Shield will hurt enemies who venture inside.
Home base. As a Pilot, stay safe inside of friendly Dome Shields when reloading.
About face! A Titan using Warpfall lands facing away from the Pilot to quickly enter combat.
Sharing is caring! All of Ion's abilities draw from a shared energy pool.
Watch your dashes! Ion comes equipped with 1 dash by default.
Keep it charged. The Entangled Energy kit for Ion relies on critical hits to charge her energy.
More core! Use Ion's Grand Cannon kit to increase the duration of Laser Core.
Pull! The Splitter Rifle excels at destroying targets in mid-air.
Low battery. Using the secondary firing mode on the Splitter Rifle will drain Ion's energy.
Into oblivion. Splitter Rifle rounds are absorbed by Vortex Shields and cannot be fired back.
The Splitter's 3 way split shot makes hitting Pilots easier.
Block and collect enemy shots by holding up the Vortex Shield, then release to fire them back.
Ion's Vortex Shield can be used to detach enemy ordnance that has been stuck to her.
Precision aim. Laser shot is effective versus Titan weak spots.
Ion's Laser Tripwire can be used to block off Pilot doorways.
Ion's Laser Core is most effective when the enemy Titan has no nearby cover.
One of Ronin's strengths is his speed, equipped with 2 dashes by default.
Pin them in. Equip Thunderstorm as Ronin's kit to throw two Arc Waves.
Blademaster. Ronin's Highlander kit allows him to use his sword core longer.
The Ricochet Rounds kit allow Leadwall pellets to ricochet off of surfaces.
Phase 'em out. The Temporal Anomaly kit gives Pilots more Phase Dash as Ronin.
Quick dash! Sword Core also makes Ronin's dash recharge faster.
Calling the shots. The Leadwall's Ricochet Rounds kit can be used to flush out hiding Pilots.
Shredder. The Leadwall is very effective against human sized targets.
Know your role. The Leadwall's effective range is limited.
Cone of death. Aiming tightens the spread of the Leadwall's pellets.
Ronin's Sword Parry reduces some, but not all, damage taken.
Ronin's Arc Wave slows and hurts escaping Pilots.
Ronin's Phase Dash can be used to quickly get him out of trouble.
Ronin's Phase Dash gets him up close quickly.
Sword Core electrifies Ronin's broadsword.
Your thermite will quickly destroy you if you stand in it.
Fire bad! Scorch is not protected from his own thermite, should it touch him.
Double down! Stacking Scorch's attacks on top of each other piles up area damage quickly.
Scorch's dash recharges slowly. Use the Turbo Engine Titan kit to get some extra speed.
Self defense. Scorch's Tempered Plating kit reduces the damage taken from his own attacks.
Firefight. Equip Scorch's Wildfire Launcher kit to double secondary fires from the T-203.
Lake of fire. Scorch's T-203 leaves damaging residual thermite.
Exponential damage! Stacking Scorch's attacks on top of each other piles up area damage quickly.
Indirect damage. The T-203 Thermite Launcher will explode on impact, leaving fire behind.
Squishy. The T-203 will instantly kill human sized targets with a direct impact.
Call in the artillery. Firing the T-203 at choke points from a distance can work as a long-range mortar.
Scorch's Thermal Shield melts incoming bullets and projectiles.
Scorch's Firewall can be used to block in enemy Titans.
Drop barrels! Incendiary Traps stack, effectively doubling their damage output.
Scorch's Flame Core fires a powerful thermite shockwave.
Dodge cautiously. Tone only has 1 dash by default.
Great wall. Tone's Reinforced Particle Wall kit can help take control of vital chokepoints.
Tone's Pulse-Echo Titan kit makes locking onto targets much easier.
Get tone, Tone! The 40mm and Sonar Lock establish lock-ons on enemy Titans.
Think ahead. 40mm shots from the Tracker Cannon have travel time before they land on target.
Pink mist. A 40mm Tracker Cannon round to a human sized target will vaporize them.
Close enough. The Tracker Cannon will lock onto a target even if you hit them with splash damage.
Giantkiller. The Tracker Cannon will lock onto targets larger than humans.
3 to lock! A solid lock requires 3 hits on the target with the Tracker Cannon.
Tone's Particle Wall can be used to defend her back.
The Particle Wall has a long cooldown duration.
One way defense. Particle Walls only block shots from one side.
Prepare. Tracker Rockets require lock-on before they can be fired.
Tone can fire over and around obstacles with her Tracker Rockets.
Getting locks on multiple Titans enables Tone to fire more tracker rockets. *Tone is most deadly when she has established a lock.
Guide the core. Salvo Core missiles are guided by where she looks.
Northstar can stick and move quickly with 2 dashes installed by default.
Stay nimble. Northstar moves twice as fast in midair with the Viper Thrusters Titan kit.
Heavy load. Northstar's Enhanced Payload Titan kit makes cluster missiles even more lethal.
Hold for power. Each level of the Plasma Railgun's charge increases damage.
Eraser. The Plasma Railgun will vaporize any human sized target at any level of charge.
Light-bender. The Plasma Railgun's projectile travels so fast it bends light behind it.
Critical blow. Hitting a Titan's weak point with the Plama Railgun will cause massive damage.
Permadeath. A fully charged Plasma Railgun round to a doomed Titan's weak point will cause them to explode.
Northstar's Tether Trap locks enemy Titans in place for a moment.
Northstar's Hover can be used to surprise an unwitting enemy.
Beware. Flight Core is powerful but also puts her in a vulnerable position.
Spin to win. Legion's abilities require the Predator Cannon to be spun up.
Ammo Swap allows him to change states and be most effective based on range.
Need speed? Use the Turbo Engine kit to speed up Legion's dash recharge.
Lock-n-load. Legion's Enhanced Ammo Capacity kit gives him 40 additional bullets.
Speedwalk. Use Legion's Light-Weight Alloys kit to walk faster when using the Predator Cannon.
Now hear this! The Predator Cannon's barrel spin will change pitch when it's running out of ammo.
Brace yourself. The Predator Cannon must be primed before it can be fired.
Pre-spin. The Predator Cannon can be prematurely spun up to instantly fire at enemies.
Engagement range. Use the mode switch to change the Predator Cannon from short to long range.
Dynamic attacks! The Power Shot on the Predator Cannon is different depending on which range it is currently set to.
Legion's Gun Shield deploys much faster if you've already primed his Predator Cannon.
Legion's CQB Powershot does more damage than his Range mode Powershot.
Legion's Ranged Powershot is effective against a Titan's weak spots.
Legion's Ammo Swap allows the main gun to switch between short and long range modes.
Smart Core locks onto enemy targets for guaranteed hits.
Survive. Core Upgrades are an essential part of Monarch's power.
Rearm can be used offensively or defensively. Learning when to engage or disengage is important.
Energy Siphon's slow can be used to set up Rocket Salvo.
Mix and Match. Try different Upgrade combinations to find the right playstyle for you.
Headstart. Use Battery Boost before embarking to accelerate your first Upgrade.
Communicate. Let your teammates know when Energy Transfer is active.
Ticks chase enemies relentlessly, exploding once they reach their target.
A Tick does major damage to anything caught in its blast area.
Ticks never give up the chase, but Pilots move faster.
Destroying a Tick at range is the safest approach.
IMC forces are trained to lay down fire on suspected enemy positions.
IMC Grunts can be executed by approaching them from behind.
Spectres are quickly destroyed with headshots.
You can cripple Stalkers by destroying their legs.
Shooting a Stalker in the back makes it overload and explode.
Stalkers are slow and can be evaded by jumping over them.
Reapers flush out Pilots by launching many Ticks.
A Reaper's main weak point is in its narrow waist area.
Reapers can easily crush a nearby Pilot.
Sentry turrets have a very limited field of view.
Satchels can easily destroy turrets.
To slide, press Crouch while sprinting.
Slide helps you get to cover quickly.
Wallrunning boosts Pilot speed, making you harder to hit.
Short wallruns connected with long leaps give you the most speed.
Your own weapons can damage you if you are not careful.
You can move while in midair to make small course corrections.
Try sliding off the edges of platforms to gain more speed.
Increase your speed by chaining together wallruns, double jumps, slides, and other mobility moves.
Highly skilled Pilots will engage their targets without stopping.
Carefully thrown grenades can eliminate multiple targets.
High-powered projectile weapons can eliminate multiple targets with one shot.
Time your wallruns and double jumps carefully for maximum speed.
Skilled Pilots can wallrun effectively on curved surfaces.
Switching to another weapon is usually faster than reloading.
Optimize your run by switching between weapons that are effective at different ranges.
"Cook" frag grenades before throwing to detonate them at just the right time.
Prowlers can be downed more quickly by headshots.
A quick double jump can put you just out of a Prowler's reach.
Arc Grenades disable a Shield Captain's energy wall.
The Shield Captain is vulnerable to attacks from above or the side.
A Shield Captain's energy wall collapses if it takes enough damage.
Specialists deploy portable Ticks and flying Drones.
Headshots will kill a Specialist quickly.
Watch out for crushing hazards!
Be careful where you stand. The Assembly is a dangerous environment.
Watch for the emergency lights near dangerous areas of the Assembly line.
Toxic sludge is highly corrosive, killing organics within seconds.
Toxic sludge is extremely hazardous to organic life.
Titans are impervious to toxic sludge.
Hazard - Environmental hazards can be avoided by time-traveling.
Turret - Turrets may not exist in the other timeline.
Titan - Use time travel to deal with powerful enemies.
Shield - Flank enemies by time-traveling.